Tutorials (#575)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/welcome.md

author: natke
ms.author: nakersha
ms.date: 10/23/2019
ms.topic: overview
---

# Get started with the Quantum Development Kit (QDK)

Welcome to the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit!  Here, you will find all the tools you need to learn about quantum programming with Q#.  To guide you in learning quantum computing with Q#, here we provide a Getting Started Guide, a journey guide for both those who want to start coding quantum programs and those who are not yet ready to start coding, but want to learn more about Q# and quantum programming.

## Five questions about quantum computing

We begin with a series short articles that summarizes the _Five questions about quantum computing_. These short articles offer a quick overview of quantum computing for the new learner.

[What is quantum computing?](xref:microsoft.quantum.overview.what)

[What can quantum computers do?](xref:microsoft.quantum.overview.computers)

[Why learn quantum computing?](xref:microsoft.quantum.overview.why)

[What is Q#?](xref:microsoft.quantum.overview.qsharp)

[How to learn quantum computing with Q#?](xref:microsoft.quantum.overview.learn)

## Tutorials to get you started learning and coding

> Next, we provide a short Getting Started guide of how to [write your first Q# program](xref:microsoft.quantum.write-program). If you are ready to start coding, this guides you on installing the QDK and writing your first Q# program that demonstrates some of the first concepts of quantum programming. If you are not ready to start coding, you can still follow along without installing the QDK and get an overview of the Q# programming language and the first concepts of quantum computing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we provide a short Getting Started guide of how to [write your first Q# program](xref:microsoft.quantum.write-program). If you are ready to start coding, this guides you through installing the QDK and writing your first Q# program that demonstrates some of the first concepts of quantum programming. If you are not ready to start coding, you can still follow along without installing the QDK and get an overview of the Q# programming language and the first concepts of quantum computing.
```

> The second Getting Started guide, [Grover’s search](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.search), offers an example of a Q# program get an idea of the power of Q# for expressing the quantum algorithm in a way that abstracts the low level quantum operations.  Again, if you want to start coding, this guides you in developing the program using a variety of programming environments (with a Python host or with .NET language host and with Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code).  If you are not a coder, you don’t have to install the QDK.  Just follow along the to get a sense of the nature of quantum computing with Q#.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second Quickstart, [Grover’s search](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.search), offers an example of a Q# program demonstrating the power of Q# for expressing quantum algorithms in a way that abstracts the low level quantum operations.  Again, if you want to start coding, this guides you in developing a quantum application using a variety of programming environments (with a Python or .NET language host and with Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code).  If you are not a coder, you don’t have to install the QDK.  Just follow along the to get a sense of the nature of quantum computing with Q#.  
```

Reviewer: I feel like there might be an over-correction here with respect to the "if you're not a coder..." or "if you're not ready to start coding...". These are still technical documentation pages for an SDK. We are still positioning the QDK around _building_ quantum applications. I'm worried that this emphasis might dissuade folks from even trying to install and play around with Q#. For Bell I think this is fine because we walk through fundamental concepts, I'm not sure it's as powerful for Grover's. What are they learning if they're not running the program that they haven't already learned from reading the welcome page & the 5 questions?

## Next steps

> The Getting Started guides and articles above are meant to guide both the coder and non-coder through an introduction to quantum computing and Q#.  When you’re ready to continue to learn how to program quantum computers with Q#, here are the next steps:

Reviewer: in response to my comment above, I think this would be sufficient rather than mentioning for every quickstart/tutorial that you don't need to be a coder to learn something from the tutorials. Maybe we pull some of this language into the top of section so that we only say it once vs for each quickstart.
